If you are young enough so that 30 years from now you figure out you've never seen this film and it's on television or available for rent (or whatever format will be around then) resist the temptation to watch it. It will be the worst time you'll have in the next 30 years. The all- star cast can't save the swallow script. Ahhhhhhh!!!! Get out of town!!!! Leave the country!!! We are being terrorized again! By what you ask? By the awful film 'Dilwale'. No! This is not the story about the mall in Eastern Express Highway and 462, Senapati Bapat Marg. This stinker of a film is about middle age couples and their infidelities. However, what they cheated us the most in was the money we had to pay to see this piece of crap.

The movie is exactly what I thought it would be. Overrated because of fans of the SRK-Kajol Jodi. I don't understand why the audience of Bollywood never appreciates good stories and great direction. Instead, they go for movies that contain the same old overrated Bollywood actors and actresses. A romantic song with a dance across the beautiful landscapes around the world does not make for a beautiful movie.Don't even get me started on the overacting. I expected at least some decent acting from the two experienced actors in this movie about whom the fans were going crazy for the past few weeks. But no. Acting? What is that? Let's just dance around the world and add some stunts and we'll earn 100+ crores.I'm eagerly waiting for the day when SRK will go back to making movies like Swades and Chak De India.

To tell you the truth I've been waiting for the new Star Wars movie for a very long time. But it got pushed one week back due to this movie. Anyways, my exams got over on 17th and I needed to relax so I went to see Dilwale and that was one of the worst decisions I've ever taken. It was just the exact opposite of "relaxing". The plot was goofy, dialogues were goofy and on top of it all there was SRK, whose performance is getting worse with every passing second. The movie had nothing engaging. I've never left a movie halfway, so I decided to go through three hours of hell because I didn't want to ruin my record. Believe me that was a very brave thing to do. However unsurprisingly there were many SRK-fans who did enjoy the movie. So to put it in a nutshell, if you are an SRK fan then you are stupid enough to love this movie. For neutral moviegoers, don't even consider going for this mindless movie.

Why did Rohit Shetty did this ? In case of Chennai Express at least there was story running along railway track but this is like Kumbh mela !! Story is running in all directions. Bad, very bad comedy !! You have to force yourself to laugh. Director is trying hard to make humor but not getting succeed. Varu Dhawan need to learn humor from Govinda or his father. Dialogues are not hilarious but childish !! SRK Kajol chemistry somehow don't work here. May be they needed good script. Songs are OK. Digitally good. Exotic lands and special effects can create momentary effect but can't hold the movie. 

I'm keeping an open mind to miracles, that is if this movie could still turn out to be good, despite the below average promos. But I was wrong. The movie is so bad, and we are all to blame for blindly following the star cast. Rohit Shetty did not disappoint with his Shitty Direction but i did not expect anything more from him. If you think Happy New year was a bad movie from this director? You're in for a treat, and it's not a treat you'd like. Moreover the script was probably given to some high school kid for his homework assignment. The color grading of the movie looks like an Overblown Android screen, watch Gerua for instance. I think I lost a bit of IQ today after watching this piece of crap.

The movie is like a pendulum goes back and forth that too without any motion!!!! Poor story-line and too much hype makes it a boring journey overall. One can see this movie was made at an haste and was too eager to be released. Hence, this hype was created and it failed miserably to ride the hype wave. If anyone thinks this is anywhere close to DDLJ then they will be fooling themselves! Rohit Shetty is best suited for Golmal and not any other type of movie. Kajol is a sweetheart and SRK is at his disappointing best. Story-line is so poor that you start getting bored from the beginning. It seems like a typical Rohit Shetty movie where he tries yo mix-up the masala from 70s, 80s, and 90s....and we all know what happens to such movies! Anyways if you decide to watch this disappointing movie then please go with an open mind and please please please please don't expect any fire works!  
Dilwale is avoidable at its best!

I'm totally disgusted with this movie, the story, screenplay, action, direction, music and what not. SRK and Kajol look very STALE, fail to act and emote, should retire and make room for freshers who can. I can't understand how people flock to theaters just to watch their favorite actors. Story is so stupid and makes us chuckle at times. The Ram Lal Dhobi twist is so disgusting and annoying. SUDDEN down pour of HEAVY, artificial rain in one scene makes us chuckle saying, "Holy crap" to ourselves. Flashbacks are done by a seemingly inexperienced director. Music is dumb and loud. We forget it the moment we walk out of the theater. There is no chemistry or character-building and when actors weep, it does not have any effect on us and it is even ANNOYING. Its a shame our standards have fallen to this low level. Avoid this one at all costs. Go watch Star Wars instead and you will be glad you skipped it.

It is a typical Shahrukh Khan movie. How many times can we Bore with same Stuff. Not worth to watch. They spent a lot for Marketing & promotion. But there is not any new add on. Simply Awful movie. I suggest that Mr. Shahrukh Khan has to leave Lover Boy Roles. He is now aged & its not look graceful.My hatred for Shahrukh Khan keeps on increasing day by day. I don't know which thing of his annoys me the most. His overacting, his arrogance, or his "I am God no I should say I am Allah" attitude. The stints he pulls for cheap popularity has definitely crossed my threshold. The scene at the KKR match at Wankhede, the ride where he insulted the Indian Flag, the list is becoming never ending.

As expected, what else can a movie be which tries to copy a Hollywood film and as usual fails miserably. It is a waste of time. This movie is a big time flop. Nothing special, no fun and doesn't even gets close to its Hollywood counterpart. It is merely in news on fake propaganda and hype created by extensive advertising. No point wasting time on a movie which you feel to walk out in the first half itself. I was in a fix to choose between an English movie to watch or this one. I think i made a mistake to watch this one. Right from the start this movie had lost the plot and continued that way, hence couldn't recover.

Another stupid movie for Indian consumers.Because of fan following this movie may earn well.But this movie will be worst movie of the year like last year happy new year What's Bad: Bringing back the most-loved Jodi of Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol together, the film does not accomplish in capturing their epic romance. The comic capers start to fall apart soon thanks to their repetitive flavor. Just adding romantic scenes+some songs+some fights does not make good movie and I do not know for how many years Indian people will be fooled by these producers.

what is wrong with SRK what happened to his picks this time he has crossed all the limits never thought this much pathetic stuff even Hny looks like a masterpiece which was pathetic too,the writer is the most lazy person and so lame he is so lazy that he forget to write the story but how could even someone say yes to this movie and that too if he is SRK,Is Rohit Shetty done a black magic on him even action wise he failed horribly and screenplay was the worst part everything was expected because of the glimpse of the flashback coming and it was not even worth it and trust me i am one of the biggest fan of Srk and if i am saying so bad against him then there is almost everything wrong with this movie shame on Srk and Kajol for doing this movie and put down th expectation of people please don't ever do Masala film again the talent that you have is unmatchable don't destroy by making this type of crappiest stuff do only intense serious films fan and Raees looks good though and not me every universe want you to see in a quality movie please think before you sign any project specially avoid Farah Khan Rohit Shetty this two are the biggest upset of your career in last few years world is cruel there is already so much negativity against you only way to stop them is by making good stuff they will shut there mouth but how will it happen if you continue to this type of stuff only 2 stars i have given just because some comedy and beautiful songs dilwale is total zero otherwise i am very sad writing all this but this is the epic disaster of all time.

I have no idea why this movie is getting higher ratings in here, must be bots up-voting the horrible movie. The movie was a pain to watch, with a handful of original comic moments. Shah Rukh Khan did a pretty horrible job of acting. Its disappointing that another bad movie of Shahrukh will do so well in the box office. Seriously, where are Bollywood's standards. I understand this is supposed to be a comedy/drama movie, but come on. Oh well, its made by Rohit Shetty, could not have expected anything better. The direction is horrible, more of a Tamil/Tollywood movie than a Bollywood movie. Cars flying, hero beating the crap out of 5-10 guys at once, I guess that turns on the audience.

as i expected and go to watch this movie after watching this i get bored and sleep a good taking advantage of air conditioning. it was very bad experience to watch this movie. all the movie main contents had been displayed earlier inside the trailer and no more was kept to watch the full movie so that anyone get interested in its story and action. sahrukh acting was looking over acting and at many times it bored me. as i was expected and left bajirao for watching this movie but i think i was wrong, all people are getting irritated inside the cineplex, so please if you value your money and time then go else where or donate them into some useful work and also save your time by doing this.

The script for this was written by a 6 year old who watched too many Hollywood. That is the only way I can interpret this movie. More that half of this movie is CARS and then some Michael Bay sh*t. The song locations or songs not make any sense. I like SRK and Kajol as couple but I never expected that they will act in such a movie. Even half the dialogs were reference to other movies. The action scenes were too short for enjoyment. If you go too deep in movie for logic (I always do because I want good logic in a good movie) then you will bang your head against the wall. My conclusion is that if you are looking to waste 2h 38m of your time and to see the return of SRK and Kajol jodi then go watch the film. But if you're looking for a good story or at least a logical film then really don't waste your money or your time. Thank you!

This is worse movie of Kajol-Shahrukh i had ever seen.The director tried to make this as usual comedy he do but didn't work properly.Barun and Kriti are good.Boman, Jony and others are worse.They didn't put 100% of Themself in this movie.Rohit Shetty should more careful.He works with a celebrity pair .And people expect so much from them.This movie may Disappointed Srk-Kajol fans.Some songs is great.Filming of this movie is just wonderful.Editing is also great.Ilove this editing very much.I am giving 2 points for editing.People are going to view SRK-Kajol chemistry not Rohit's comedy.Hope next time they will be more careful.

It is hilarious to see the first 4 pages of reviews of Dilwale has a 10* rating which was rather surprising to me. So I go in to the profile of each of those people and there you have it most of the reviewers had joined IMDb in Dec and this is the only movie they have rated. It is just sad when movie makers have to create fake profiles and rate the movie high so the public would fall for it and watch the movie. But this is such a sad strategy as we can not be fooled for long. I wanted to check the reviews first before watching the movie but thankfully the real reviews from real people have told me exactly what i needed to know!

I don't know why some people are giving such reviews film don't deserve 1\10 ..........If you are not happy why are giving these remarks. This only indicate that you don't have sense to rate the films. Its a family entertainer so go and enjoy. Go and watch reviews of those people who are coming out of the hall, most of the people are giving positive reviews , if you have any doubt go watch on youtube you will find out yourself. Have blast and don't listen to these srk haters who are there only to spread false information about the movie. there is no need for comparison with bajirao mastani as it has its own genre and dilwale is rom com type movie

Very bad movie Please don't west your Time to watch this film Very bad movie. The movie is exactly what I thought it would be. Overrated because of fans of the SRK-Kajol Jodi. I don't understand why the audience of Bollywood never appreciates good stories and great direction. Instead, they go for movies that contain the same old overrated Bollywood actors and actresses. A romantic song with a dance across the beautiful landscapes around the world does not make for a beautiful movie.Don't even get me started on the overacting. I expected at least some decent acting from the two experienced actors in this movie about whom the fans were going crazy for the past few weeks. But no. Acting? What is that? Let's just dance around the world and add some stunts and we'll earn 100+ crores. I'm eagerly waiting for the day when SRK will go back to making movies like Swades and Chak De India.

Unlike all expect real hero here is Varun. He is just amazing and outperformed SRK. SRK looks like a side role and Kajal is just good at performance but she looks older. IMDb compels me to give Dilwale a nonzero rating. And one mark is for Varun. Coming to the story it is the same old crap. Do not expect anything from the writer or the director. As i told SRK looks less smarter than Varun. In some scenes SRK looks older guy. It may hurt us, SRK fans, but it's true. SRK disappointed a lot. There is nothing new in him. Everything in him seems boring. Same old dialogues, same old walking style, same copied fighting scenes and car chas8ng and gun shooting scenes, same old boring romance sickening sentiment scenes, illogical and laughable family disputes. At the end our hero settles all disputes and brings together two families, as usually seen in south 8ndian movies.

This film was to put it simply rubbish. The child actors couldn't act, as can be seen by Harry's supposed surprise on learning he's a wizard. "I'm a wizard!" is said with such indifference you'd think he's not surprised at all. I've never read the books and this film did nothing to make me want to read them. The only spell this cast over me was one to get me out of the room as quickly as possible every time I have seen this on after my first viewing of it in the cinema. If you want to see a decent book made film watch Lord of the Rings or possibly the sequel to this which I thought was actually good.

Movie begins. Some shit happens. Vampire dude: I've killed humans. But, you know, I'm not a monster or anything anymore, all I do now is hunt animals, drink their blood while they are mostly still alive, and dismember the carcases after. Stupid retarded pale girl: OH WOW, well that's OK! Because you are HOT and totally BADASS and you have skin that shines like fucking diamonds in the sun for some fucking unknown reason and I like shiny stuff because I'm fucking retarded! Vampire dude: I think we should go out because I am an obsessive compulsive stalker and you don't mind having men you've just met sneaking into your bedroom at night and watching you sleep. Stupid retarded pale girl: I can see no fallacies with your logic. Some more shit happens.