Just watched Interstellar in imax 70mm. Science Fiction fans can read on, everyone else can skip. Movie is a visual masterpiece. Like his earlier movies, Christopher Nolan once again proved, how big a movie can be! There were some shots,which made audience go crazy..Some scenes were as epic as 2001: A Space Odyssey. Do not go into the theatre expecting an action packed cerebral thriller. This one is not for action fans. At times, movie go highly sentimental( Matthew McConaughey does what he is best in and supposed to). I recommend this movie to all the Sci-Fi fans out there, make sure you go in group of sci-fi nuts!! Do not go with the hype..Go, sit back and enjoy. Just like Inception, this movie will be known as great after few months(I know people who said Inception was a crap when it released, and after few months rating it 10/10 in IMDb :D). I don't wanna spoil anything(If you want PM me). Also, make sure you go to the best theatre close to you. (If you loved Donnie Darko, 2001: A Space Odyssey, this is the one for you, Get ready to get mind blown!!) Interstellar Movie is EPIC in all sense!!

I was extremely lucky to get the chance to see this film upon its first day release, before entering the cinema, my expectations were already high, after all, this was a film from the cinematic genius who brought us the likes of 'Inception' and 'The Dark Knight', to summarise the following review in a single sentence: I left the cinema in extreme awe from the visual masterpiece I had just viewed. A film that explores the psychological and emotional state of a man whose life revolves around his family, 'Interstellar' is a thrilling and thought-provoking film that boasts an intellectual story masterfully written by the Nolan brothers. Whilst there seems to have been influence from films like '2001: A Space Odyssey' and 'Apollo 13', 'Interstellar' is unique in its own way. Whilst the subject may be hard to comprehend at times, it can't be denied how visually monumental and thoughtful Christopher Nolan's epic science fiction masterpiece is, and can easily be named the best film of this year and possibly one of the greatest science fiction films to have ever graced the screen. A sheer brilliant feat of cinema.

It's almost impossible to put in words, but we have to try and give everyone what he truly deserve. In my modest opinion, Interstellar is the best Sci-Fi in human history. Believe it or not. It's the simple and the complicated, It's the usual and the different, It's the mind and the heart, It's an emotional and psychological journey through the unknown which has its own stunning visuals. It's an original story and thought-provoking masterpiece. Every single time with him, you just got crazy about his ideas, astonished by his mind games and inspired when he talks to the heart. Back then, he was an ambitious young director. And with his capabilities made his own way straight through the world. Now, he is an icon and a legend of directing. He is Christopher Nolan... Really guys, what's wrong with this guy ?!! what's going on inside his head ?!! It's our job to honor the honorable. Please, Just keep the rating UP, why ? Because Chris. and Interstellar deserve it.

This is a movie I've been waiting months to see. I'm a big Marvel Comics and movie fan. This is one well crafted, superhero and super fun.. As for the characters and cast , All the returning cast are as good as they have been in previous installments.Aaron Taylor-Johnson as Pietro Maximoff/Quicksilver his acting is as expected personally I find him to be a good actor.Then we have Elizabeth Olsen as Wanda Maximoff/Scarlett Witch, another extremely talented actress in my opinion, she was brilliant in this too.. The runtime does seem long however, there is enough going on at every turn that you kind of forget how long you have been watching and that is a good thing. All in all its a best Marvels movie, and if you're a fan of Marvel, Superheros or action films in general, you have to see this. :)

Let's first start with how epic this movie is. As soon as the movie starts, we are already in the middle of a battle. The movie didn't waste anytime getting into full swing. After the battle we get introduced to the one and only Ulton voiced by the amazing James Spader who did an amazing job with the character making him menacing and intimidating. My favorite hero in this movie had to be Scarlet Witch who's powers were amazing to watch especially in 3D. The movie was definitely darker toned than the last Avengers which made it even more enjoyable to see something different in a Marvel movie. Part of me wishes we were able to see the flacon in the final battle. Speaking of the final battle, I loved what they did with the final battle stage. It was definitely different than most final battle stages in a Marvel movie.

OK. So let me start off by saying that action movies are not my absolute favorite genre in the world, I do enjoy action but I dislike when a scene of action goes on so long that you forget exactly why they are fighting in the first place. Well. Avengers Return of Ultron was action packed AWESOMENESS. They knew exactly how to break up all the action with GENUINE humor (not groan worthy puns. I'm looking at you Furious Seven) and class. This movie is the whole package for EVERYONE. You have action, romance and humor. This is SURPRISINGLY better than the first one! The story line that they put together was genius and the cinematography of the final battle scene sincerely took my breath away. This is a must see for fans of action, the Avengers, but also movies! It's what action movies in the 21st century should be like! The WHOLE package.

Now, before you question me about the title compared to my rating, let me clarify. This movie is absolutely fantastic; it's witty, it's action packed, and even emotional. But before you see it, you have to put aside all the hype that you have been building up for the past couple months. I think the main reason people are disappointed about this movie is the fact that they bought into the unimaginable, unobtainable hype. This movie is hands down, better than the original Avengers, yet people are rating it worse. The only reason I can think of, is the fact that they watched the trailers, and believed that would be the beginning level of the movie. News flash, they put some of the greatest parts in the trailer to get you interested in it. If you enjoy movies on a big scale, have great acting, great chemistry, some easter eggs for the next movie, and solid jokes, you will like this movie. If you are expecting this movie to be something like the second coming of Jesus, then you will be disappointed.

When I first saw this in the theatre, I thought it was too busy and Spader was a little cartoony. But on first viewing you're always comparing it to the original, so you need a time to step back. Now, I see how well written it is and how the humor really fits perfectly, considering Ultron is Stark's alter ego. I also never really thought much of Scarlett as an actor, but her scene at the beginning with the lullaby really showed an incredible range of emotions in just a small scene with great subtly. All of this is a result of great writing, both in story line and dialog, along with everyone of the actors being first rate. I'm glad to finally see comic book movies reaching the intelligence of their source material. I'm not a comic book geek but a movie lover, so I don't have any of the preconceived prejudices. I could go on and on about all the subtle inferences to modern day terrorism and America's role as the world's bully and hated cop, but I just wanted to give it the positive review it deserves.

I was reading some of the post and seemed very surprised at the few low ratings , I know you can't please everyone. All of the fighting scenes were spectacular I never got bored , even through the slower parts I enjoyed the whole movie. I think that the humor in it was great , and realistic . You get that much testosterone in a group everyone will try to one up everyone else, In real life as well. I saw it in iMax(the huge screens) 3D , so that definitely added to the excitement , I don't go see movies any more in regular screen ever since imax 3D. I strongly recommend going to see it like that ! It is an unforgettable experience. Also on a side note guys that get disappointed I don't feel bad for because just like with everything in life if you expect something a certain way and it doesn't meet your expectations you are going to get let down ! But if you have none or at the very least lower your expectations you will see how much of a difference it is . Go in with an open mind , don't be so closed minded people. Just saying !

This movie is a delight for those of all ages. I have seen it several times and each time I am enchanted by the characters and magic. The cast is outstanding, the special effects delightful, everything most believable. You have young Harry, a mistreated youth who is "Just Harry" to himself. And then, he embarks on a most beautiful adventure to the Hogwarts school. He meets Ron and Hermione, one an adorable mischief maker, the other a very tense and studious young lady. Together, the trio try to set things right in the school. It's the ultimate fantasy for young and old.

When I knew the film was being made, I thought how could they make a film that would be up to the standard of such a perfect book. But they did! Sure they missed bits out but they captured the essence of the book brilliantly. One member of the cast was mis-cast for me but my children disagreed.I even found myself believing they were flying and not wondering "how are they doing that?" So 10 out 10 Warner Brothers. Bring on the next one!

You can't deny that the beginning of the Harry Potter series basically marked the beginning of your childhood and the inevitable roller- coaster of emotion we had all hopped aboard for. I remember when this first came out in 2001 and it was unlike any other movie I had ever seen, with monsters, adventures and magic it truly was something unthinkable for young me. If you have yet to see the first of this remarkable eight-part story (counting the deathly hollows as two) I highly recommend to put this on your watch-list and let Harry and his friends take you on one of the most unforgettable journeys of your life.

Surprisingly good. I haven't read the books, and have no intention of reading them, so didn't know what to expect. Mostly thought this was just for kids or nerds. In some respects, it is, but it turns out it had a decent plot, is well-directed and well acted. Good fun. Unfortunately, the remaining movies didn't come close to the first. Second was OK, but really didn't have the novelty of the first. The first created the template, the following just used it over and over. From the third it was just for kids and nerds, as I initially suspected.

Based on the book Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, this is the first film in the Harry Potter film trilogy, a story about a young boy (Harry Potter) who is rescued from the clutches of a neglectful aunt and uncle and a bratty cousin, and taken to study witchcraft at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. There he meets his future lifelong friends Ron Weasley and Hermoine Granger, witches Professor Snape and Professor McGonagall and the school's all-powerful headmaster, Albus Dumbledore. Harry also learns about his connection with the evil dark lord, Lord Voldemort. I think this movie followed the J.K. Rowling's novel very well, including in it most details that capture the imagination, magic, adventure and drama of the story. Director Christopher Columbus and the team of writers and special effects people gave a pretty entertaining and believable movie. And, the acting was spot-on, most notably the brilliance of Alan Rickman, Maggie Smith, Robbie Coltrane and Richard Harris. The rivalry between the school houses Gryffindor and Slytherin were tastefully depicted; I just wished the other two houses, Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were emphasized a little more. I didn't care too much for the Quidditch match, as I thought it was a long-drawn out ballgame. Overall, it's a good introduction for the film series and I think is one of the best in the series as well.

I still remember going to the cinema ten years ago, when I was just six years old and had no idea how good this would be. If I had only known I'd still be as obsessed as I was right after seeing it ten years later! This movie made me read the Harry Potter books. I was six years old, still a little young, but I didn't want to read anything else, I wanted to discover more. And I did. I fell in love with every single character, from Harry himself to Hermione and even Lord Voldemort. I don't know how many times I've seen this film. More than a thousand times I guess. And it never gets boring. It will get boring eventually if you're not a Harry Potter fan and haven't read the books, but wow, there's so much to discover and you really do discover new things in this movie every time you watch it. It really never gets old. This is a classic. I would recommend this movie to every child on this planet. Every single child. This movie won't quite show it yet, but the whole series has one very important message really: "It's always wrong to hate, but it's never wrong to love." And I think that should be taught to all children all over the world.

After having read the Harry Potter novels quite a long time, I was eager to watch the first film. The book was brilliant, and this film was as good, or if not better than the novel. The actors did a great job, even the young trio proved themselves worthwhile. The special effects were brilliant and Chris Colombus easily proved to us that he was the perfect director for the Harry Potter series. The storyline was very similar to that of the book, unlike later films. This film didn't necessarily include unnecessary scenes that were simply added for special effects. This is a perfect film, from start to finish and it proves exactly what the Harry Potter films are capable of. The trio were adorable, and this film is a must see. 10/10, well done Chris Colombus.

Now, when I first saw this movie, I didn't read the book despite the pushing and prodding of my fellow peers. But, I really enjoyed this movie. So much so,that I actually read the book. Anyways, the things I enjoyed the most in this movie was how despite how bookish it looked I could still feel the feelings that the characters or actors were feelings. Another thing was,as all kids do, was the dialogue. I will always have the phrases "pertificus totalus", " Now if I could remember what I have forgotten", and "how can you be nearly headless" engraved in my own mind forever. I also enjoyed parts like with Professor Quirrell and meeting Harry or the ending with Voldemort. There was a huge intensity that could not be denied. I also loved Sorting Hat and Norbert, the baby dragon. The Sorting Hat was awesome with the deep and knowledgeable voice. And I have always had a deep tenderness for any reptile. Anyways, All I can says this was an magical triumph for Chris Columbus and J.K. Columbus. And thank you to the both from me for the best book made into a movie film I've ever seen.

To put it simply, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is a great way to start a francise, a way to find out what works and what doesn't. It's very similar to what Confused Matthew said about the first Spider Man and the Star Trek Reboot, a film to find out how to make the rest of the series will work. The film overrall is great, but since it's the first film, there are a few problems, like the child actors. I mean, compared to most child actors, their frekin amazing, but let's be happy that they got better as the series went on. Plus some of the special effects didn't age well, such as the troll scene. The troll itself still looks pretty cool, but sometimes it so obviously a CGI Harry. However, as an adabtation, it's one of the best I've ever seen, although I have always wanted to see Peeves in live action. And overall, the production design is absolutely amazing, Warner Brothers were obviously confident that this film would be successful and lead to a franchise to put so much money into it. And quite literally, every actor fits their roles, such as Alan Rickman, Richard Harris, and Robbie Cultrane. In conclusion, compared to the other films, it feels a little dated, but I still think it's a great film.

The movie was marvelous I don't know why people are saying that this movie was for kids..if it was then I am shocked why its getting box office hit all over the world.I went to watch this movie yesterday with my family and cousins Amir khan's acting was masterpiece and the glamor of Katrina was on top.I would say everyone should watch this movie once and I bet u wan see it again.Songs and stunts are awesome many twists in the story u would love that.I would give 9/10 for this movie.Amir was too good in his acting dance.First half pace was bit slow but when the second half starts u will going to love this movie. Amir khan tricks many times that u will love to watch.

The wait is over,most expected movie of season is out!!this movie is the third installment of successful Bollywood venture Dhoom and marks the collaboration of aamir khan with Yashraj films.movie is quite good but could have far better because it is perfectionist aamir's movie!!this movie reminds you of popular Hollywood movies like prestige,now you see me,mission impossible-4 at certain places and makes us realize that aamir gives his best when he directs his own movie. I feel katrina kaif has made a guest appearance in this movie rather than a heroine kind of role..abhishek and uday are at their best!the story takes a twist in the second half and leaves us mesmerized.the success of this movie is definitely bagged by aamir whose character reminds everyone of the role played by hrithik in 'koi mil gaya'. the movie is around 3 hour long and could have been edited at certain places.anyway it's a good movie.the best part is most expensive song 'malang',high octane action sequence,and of-course aamir khan's acting...truly he his the best...I watched this movie only for him.

I was really very exited to watch the movie. I did not get the ticket on the second, third day of it's release. Then i tried to get the tickets of next Saturday but i did not get tickets and on Sunday i finally got the tickets. I knew that there was double role of Aamir Khan and i thought that he's another character would appear at the end but i was wrong he appeared before interval. Aamir Khan performance was unbelievable, he did so good and i was really very surprised. I loved the another character of Aamir (samar) because he's Samar character was very cute. Abhiskek and Uday were okay and Katrina acting was not so good and her role was very small. Aamir Khan is the only person who stole the show. The movie chasing scenes, action and stunts are so good. I enjoyed the actions, chasing scenes and bike stunts. The set of malang song was fabulous and i enjoyed malang and kamli song a lot and other songs were okay. The climax scene was a bit emotional.

This Movie was awesome. The Great Job for the Dhoom 3 Team. The Songs are great, The plot is best.....interesting...so many Sureprises in this movie. And The most Shocked is Aamir Khan Plays Double Role. Great Movies after Bhaag Milkha Bhaag. I think this movie is better than Chennai Express. Shahrukh acts very overacting, sometimes funny and sometimes makes me boring. But Aamir Khan in this movie does the good job. I love to watch it from early until the end of the movie. This movie can make me cry in the end. I think all back to your taste...but for me is this the greatest movie ever in Bollywood. 533 Crores....The winner!!!

Magnificent performance by Aamir Khan again! Need we say anymore? Mr. Perfectionist is known to be extremely choosy with his roles and though he has played a negative role before, this is the first time the actor will be a part of the 'Dhoom' franchise. Not only do we get a glimpse of some acrobatic stunts from Aamir but also great acting! 'Dhoom 3' has been Aamir's only release last year, and has undoubtedly struck gold. Bollywood's Mr Perfectionist had a great time at the Box Office with '3 Idiots' and 'Talaash' / Dobi Garth were more artistic films.

It is often said that Dhoom movies are action movies. If you think about it, like Aamir Khan also said, they are not action. They are more of adventure films with pulsating chases. There is little action or fight scenes in Dhoom. In the spirit of the riveting Dhoom world, the 3rd edition does a fantastic job. You know when Aamir is in the lead, things ought to get better. One has to understand that Dhoom is an escapist world, like the films of James Bond or action films of Salman Khan. It is a film in which you want to whistle. The last time I heard such loud whistles were during Dabangg and Ghajini. Every time Sahir pulled a fast one, crowd cheered loudly. Some people were asking how does Jai find him at the dam. The answer is: it doesn't matter. Either way, Samar would have contacted Alia and Jai would have caught him. Jai knew that he could use Alia to lure him. If he had Samar, Sahir would have automatically walked in. The chemistry between the characters is so amazing that they could have easily made it longer. The time of 172 minutes flies by.